<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="atau-dmm1">
  <title>Managing your IU Guest account</title>
  <prolog><author>madalton</author><critdates>
      <created date="2005-11-30"/>
      <revised modified="2009-05-12"/>
    </critdates><metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>ims</keyword>
        <keyword>ams</keyword>
        <keyword>amsboiler</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
    <data name="approveddate" value="2009-05-05"/>
    <data name="owner" value="ims"/>
    <data name="importance" value="standard"/>
    <data name="visibility" value="visible"/>
    <data name="volatility" value="stable"/>
    <data name="status" value="approved"/>
    <data name="domain" value="all"/>
  </prolog>
  <body/>
  <related-links>
    <linkpool props="refby">
      <link href="axvp.dita"/>
    </linkpool>
  </related-links>
  <topic id="atau1.0-subtopic1">
    <title>Getting your IU Guest account</title>
    <body>
      <p>If you have no formal relationship with Indiana University, you can use the <xref
          href="alfm1.0.dita">Account Management Service</xref> (AMS) to create a <xref
          href="alqt1.0.dita">Guest account</xref>, which will give you limited access to certain
        online applications and services of the university. The amount of access is determined by
        the particular application. For more, see <xref href="alqt1.0.dita">At IU, what is a Guest
          account?</xref></p>
      <p>To create your IU Guest account:</p>
      <ol>
        <li>Go to the Account Management Service at: <xref href="https://itaccounts.iu.edu/"/></li>
        <li>Select <uicontrol>IU Guest Accounts</uicontrol>. </li>
        <li>Click <uicontrol>create IU Guest account</uicontrol>. </li>
        <li>Enter your email address in the appropriate field. <note>Note: For all Guest accounts,
            the full email address provided (e.g., <codeph>foo@hotmail.com</codeph>) is the
            account's username. You must enter the <b>full</b> address when asked for a username to
            successfully <xref href="alqk1.0.dita">authenticate</xref> to the online applications
            and services of the university. </note></li>
        <li>Enter your name in the appropriate fields; enter and verify your IU Guest account
          password. Click <uicontrol>Create Account</uicontrol>. </li>
        <li>The AMS will send an activation message to the email address you provided. To open the
          page that will activate your account, click the link in the message. </li>
        <li>On the <wintitle>Activate your IU Guest Account</wintitle> page, enter your username
          (i.e., the entire email address you provided) and password. </li>
        <li>Click <uicontrol>Activate Account</uicontrol>. </li>
      </ol>
    </body>
  </topic>
  <topic id="atau1.0-subtopic2">
    <title>Managing your IU Guest account password</title>
    <body>
      <p>You can manage the password for your IU Guest account with the Account Management Service.
        From that service, you can change your password; additionally, if you forget your password,
        you can use the AMS to reset it.</p>
      <p>To change or synchronize your IU Guest account password:</p>
      <ol>
        <li>Go to the Account Management Service at: <xref href="https://itaccounts.iu.edu/"/>
        </li>
        <li>Click <uicontrol>IU Guest Accounts</uicontrol>. </li>
        <li>Click <uicontrol>change your Guest password</uicontrol>. </li>
        <li>Enter the email address associated with your Guest account and your current password in
          the appropriate fields; enter and re-enter the new password in the last two fields. If you
          want to synchronize your password, enter your old password in the fields for the new
          password. </li>
        <li>Click <uicontrol>Change Password</uicontrol>. </li>
      </ol>
      <p>To reset your IU Guest account password:</p>
      <ol>
        <li>Go to the Account Management Service at: <xref href="https://itaccounts.iu.edu/"/>
        </li>
        <li>Click <uicontrol>IU Guest Accounts</uicontrol>. </li>
        <li>Click <uicontrol>forgot your Guest password</uicontrol>. </li>
        <li>Enter the email address associated with your Guest account. Click <uicontrol
            >Continue</uicontrol>. </li>
        <li>The AMS will send a message to the email address you provided. In the message, click the
          link to reset your password. </li>
        <li>On the <wintitle>Create IU Guest Password</wintitle> page, enter your username (i.e.,
          the entire email address you provided). Enter and re-enter the new password in the last
          two fields. </li>
        <li>Click <uicontrol>Change Password</uicontrol>. </li>
      </ol>
      <p> For help, contact your campus <xref href="abxl1.0.dita">Support Center</xref>
      </p>
    </body>
  </topic>
</topic>
