<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE required-cleanup
  PUBLIC "{$publicid}" "{$systemid}">
<required-cleanup remap="document"><ph>
  <required-cleanup remap="kbml"><ph>
    <required-cleanup remap="kbq"><ph>On my NeXT, why won't Mathematica work after I've installed it?
</ph></required-cleanup>
    <p>After you install Mathematica, you have to run MathInstaller.
MathInstaller asks you for various pieces of information, such as the
type of computer that you are using, your license number, and your
password (the publisher of Mathimatica, Wolfram, supplies the password).
</p><p>
You will then see a second menu for the creation of the full "dumped"
version of Mathematica's main executable file.  In that menu, you are
asked for the names of two directories where you will put
Mathematica's packages and command scripts.
</p><p>
You are then asked about the amount of <required-cleanup remap="kbh"><ph>memory<required-cleanup remap="domain"><ph>all</ph></required-cleanup><required-cleanup remap="visibility"><ph>visible</ph></required-cleanup></ph></required-cleanup> currently available on
your machine. If you have relatively little memory, i.e., less than
16MB, highlight the first radio button; if you have plenty of memory
available, highlight the second radio button.  This option selects
whether the full <required-cleanup remap="kbh"><ph>kernel<required-cleanup remap="domain"><ph>all</ph></required-cleanup><required-cleanup remap="visibility"><ph>visible</ph></required-cleanup></ph></required-cleanup> of libraries will automatically be loaded, or
loaded as needed by Mathematica.
</p><p/><required-cleanup remap="boiler"><ph><required-cleanup remap="kbfrag"><ph><p>
For more information about statistical and mathematical software, <xref href="http://uits.iu.edu/scripts/email.php?cid=22" scope="external" format="html"> email the UITS
Stat/Math Center</xref>, visit the center's <xref href="http://www.indiana.edu/~statmath/index.html" scope="external" format="html">web page</xref>, or
phone 812-855-4724 (IUB) or 317-278-4740 (IUPUI). The center is
located in Bloomington at 410 N. Park Avenue, and is open for
consultation by appointment Monday-Friday 9am-5pm.</p>
</ph></required-cleanup></ph></required-cleanup><p>


</p>
    <required-cleanup remap="xtra"><ph/></required-cleanup>
  </ph></required-cleanup>
  <required-cleanup remap="metadata"><ph>
    <required-cleanup remap="docid"><ph>aazf</ph></required-cleanup>
    <required-cleanup remap="owner"><ph>statmath</ph></required-cleanup>
    <required-cleanup remap="birthdate"><ph/></required-cleanup>
    <required-cleanup remap="lastmodified"><ph/></required-cleanup>
    <required-cleanup remap="approved"><ph/></required-cleanup>
    <required-cleanup remap="size"><ph>1181</ph></required-cleanup>
    <required-cleanup remap="importance"><ph>standard</ph></required-cleanup>
    <required-cleanup remap="visibility"><ph>archived</ph></required-cleanup>
    <required-cleanup remap="volatility"><ph>stable</ph></required-cleanup>
    <required-cleanup remap="status"><ph>approved</ph></required-cleanup>
    <required-cleanup remap="resource"><ph>samuel</ph></required-cleanup>
    <required-cleanup remap="domain"><ph>all</ph></required-cleanup>
    <required-cleanup remap="reference"><ph>
      
      <required-cleanup remap="domain"><ph>all</ph></required-cleanup>
      <required-cleanup remap="visibility"><ph>visible</ph></required-cleanup>
    </ph></required-cleanup>
  </ph></required-cleanup>
</ph></required-cleanup>