<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="add-new">
  <title>In Oxygen XML Editor, how do I add a new document to Kuali KMS?</title>
  <shortdesc>Adding a new document to Kuali KMS using Oxygen</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>You must have configured an Oxygen XML Editor project. For details, see <xref
        href="oxygen.dita#oxygen" format="dita"/></prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>In Oxygen XML Editor, select <menucascade>
            <uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
            <uicontrol>New...</uicontrol>
          </menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>

        <cmd>Under the <uicontrol>From templates</uicontrol> tab, choose the appropriate DITA
          template.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Edit the document.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Select <menucascade>
            <uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
            <uicontrol>Save to URL...</uicontrol>
          </menucascade>
        </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Make sure the connection is configured using the same settings as initially configuring
          WebDAV.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Next to <uicontrol>File URL:</uicontrol>, change the default name
            <codeph>Untitled.xml</codeph> to a new filename with the file extension
            <codeph>dita</codeph>. Leave the rest of the path unchanged.</cmd>
        <info><note>If you are importing an existing KB document, use the docid as the name of the
            file; e.g., <filepath>ddud.dita</filepath>.</note></info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click OK.</cmd>
        <info><note>After saving once to the KMS, when you choose <menucascade>
              <uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
              <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>
            </menucascade>, your changes will be saved to the remote repository. You do not have to
            choose <uicontrol>Save to URL...</uicontrol> again. </note></info>
      </step>
      <stepsection>Now that you have saved the new file to the server, you need to add the new file
        to the Oxygen project file to make the new file appear in the Oxygen
          <wintitle>Project</wintitle> view.</stepsection>
      <step>
        <cmd>Above the main editing view, click the tab for the new file to select it.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>In the <wintitle>Project</wintitle> view, right-click the
            <uicontrol>default</uicontrol> folder and, from the context menu, select <uicontrol>Add
            Edited File</uicontrol>. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Verify that the new file appears in the <uicontrol>default</uicontrol> folder.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Edit the <codeph>id</codeph> attribute of the <codeph>topic</codeph> element and change
          it to the docid of the KB document you are importing with <userinput>-dmm2</userinput>
          appended; e.g., <userinput>ddud-dmm2</userinput></cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>The new file is now saved on the server and added to the Oxygen project file.</result>
  </taskbody>
</task>
