<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="anaz-dmm2">
  <title>UITS winter break support hours</title>
  <body>
    <draft-comment author="jthatche">When this is made visible, uncomment links in axvr and amgy, and add
links to ascz and asdd. When it is made invisible, comment out links in axvr, amgy, ascz, and asdd.</draft-comment>

    <note audience="kbstaff">KM staff: This doc is in the oncoursecl domain; don't add kbas to docs
      that aren't in that domain also.</note>

    <p> Following is information about support hours during winter break 2009-2010 at Indiana
      University Bloomington and IUPUI. For normal Support Center hours, see <xref href="abxl.dita"/>
      <!-- this xref is supposed to use the 'ose' title
of abxl to make it short. How can we allow arbitrary selection of title from a cross-reference using DITA? -->. </p>

    <ul>

      <li><xref href="#iub">Bloomington</xref></li>

      <li><xref href="#iupui">Indianapolis</xref></li>

    </ul>
    <section>
      <title id="iub">Bloomington</title>
      <dl>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>UITS Call Center (Campus Operator Services, 812-855-4848)</dt>
          <dd>Open</dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>Support Center phone support (812-855-6789)</dt>
          <dd>Closed Thursday, December 24, and Friday, December 25, and from 5pm Thursday, December
            31, through Friday, January 1; calls will route to Campus Operator Services (above)</dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>Support Center walk-in and carry-in services in the Information Commons</dt>
          <dd>Closed Thursday, December 24, and Friday, December 25, reopening at noon on Saturday,
            December 26; closed Thursday, December 31, and Friday, January 1, reopening at noon on
            Saturday, January 2</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Support Center email support (<tt>ithelp@iu.edu</tt>)</dt>

          <dd><ul>

              <li>Closed Thursday, December 24, and Friday, December 25</li>

              <li>Closed from 5pm Thursday, December 31, through Friday, January 1</li>

            </ul></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Support Center chat support ( https://ithelplive.iu.edu/)</dt>

          <dd>
            <ul>

              <li>Closed Thursday, December 24, and Friday, December 25</li>
              <li>Closed from 5pm Thursday, December 31, through Friday, January 1</li>

              <!-- IUB Support Center info updated for 2009-10 per Drew Hostetler
-jt -->

            </ul></dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>Technology Center Consulting (TCC) Office at the Information Commons, walk-in
            services</dt>

          <dd><ul>

              <li>Closes at midnight Wednesday, December 23; opens at 8am Saturday, December 26</li>

              <li>Closes at midnight Wednesday, December 30; opens at 8am Saturday, January 2</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>Residential Technology Centers (RTCs)</dt>
          <dd>RTCs will be accessible in residences that remain open during winter break; however,
            staffing for all IUB RTCs will end Thursday, December 17, at 4pm and resume Sunday,
            January 10, at 6pm. <note audience="sc">SC staff: Open residences are Campus View,
              Evermann, Tulip Tree, and University West. TCC will replenish the open sites with
              paper and toner during the winter break. If there is an IUB site problem, the resident
              should call the TCC office at 812-855-3802.</note>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <!-- TCC/RTC info updated for 2009 per Marsha Egan -jt -->

        <dlentry>
          <dt>Student Technology Centers (STCs)</dt>

          <dd>
            <ul>
              <li>STCs located in IU Libraries will observe <xref
                  href="http://www.libraries.iub.edu/index.php?pageId=11">library hours</xref>.
                  <draft-comment author="erytting" time="2010-01-04">
                  <note>Commenting out the following sublist because it looks like it didn't get
                    updated for this year; date/day matchup is wrong. Info isn't needed now anyway,
                    but as the doc's gonna be visible for another week, don't want our panties
                    showing.</note> The hours for the Information Commons are: <ul>

                    <li>Close at midnight Tuesday, December 23; open at 8am Friday, December 26</li>

                    <li>Close at midnight Tuesday, December 30; open at 8am Friday, January 2</li>

                  </ul>
                </draft-comment>
              </li>

              <li>The Information Commons and Music Library will observe <xref
                  href="http://www.indiana.edu/~stcdev/staffing/viewStaffing.pl">this
                  schedule</xref> (from the drop-down menu at the bottom, select the week you are
                interested in). </li>
              <li>Unstaffed STCs will close on Saturday, December 19, and reopen on Sunday, January
                10. </li>
              <li>All STCs will be closed on December 24, 25, and 31, and January 1. Normal
                operating hours will resume on Sunday, January 10. For more, see <xref
                  href="http://stcweb.stc.indiana.edu/">IUB STCs</xref>. </li>
            </ul>
            <draft-comment author="slourain" time="2010-01-01"> STC info updated for 2009 per Marc
              Wagner/Tim Spears</draft-comment>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>IT Training</dt>
          <dd>Closed Monday, December 21 through Tuesday, December 29 <draft-comment
              author="slourain" time="2010-01-01">updated for 2009 per Chris Payne</draft-comment>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>LSP Services</dt>
          <dd>Closed Thursday, December 24, Friday, December 25, Thursday, December 31, and Friday,
            January 1, with reduced staffing throughout both weeks <draft-comment author="jthatche"
              time="2009-01-01">updated for 2009 per Chris England</draft-comment>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Classroom Technology Services</dt>
          <dd>Closed December 24 through January 3 <draft-comment author="jthatche"
              time="2009-01-01"> updated for 2009 per ctsin</draft-comment>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>Stat/Math Center</dt>
          <dd>Closes at 5pm Wednesday, December 23; reopens 9am Tuesday, January 5 <draft-comment
              author="jthatche" time="2009-12-01">updated for 2009-10 per John
              Samuel</draft-comment>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <!--<draft-comment author="erytting" time="2008-12-09">emailed Kirt Guinn to see if I could figure out who
    to contact to verify the following; have not heard back as of
    12/9/08; see IM655777</draft-comment>

<li><strong>Network Operations Center:</strong> Open with 24x7
staffing
-->

        <!-- emailed this group, but haven't heard back as of 12/9/08;
see IM655777 -ejv
<br><br>

<li><strong>Computer Operations:</strong> Open with 24x7
staffing
-->
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title id="iupui">Indianapolis</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>UITS Call Center (Campus Operator Services, 317-274-5555)</dt>
          <dd>Open</dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>Support Center phone support (317-274-4357)</dt>
          <dd>Closed Thursday, December 24, and Friday, December 25, and from 5pm Thursday, December
            31, through Friday, January 1; calls will route to Campus Operator Services (above)
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Support Center walk-in support (ICTC, IT 129)</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul>

              <li>Monday, December 21: 8am-9pm</li>
              <li>Tuesday, December 22-Wednesday, December 23: 8am-5pm</li>
              <li>Thursday, December 24-Sunday, December 27: Closed</li>
              <li>Monday, December 28-Wednesday, December 30: 8am-5pm</li>
              <li>Thursday, December 31-Sunday, January 3: Closed</li>
              <li>Monday, January 4: Resume normal business hours, 8am-9pm</li>
            </ul>
            <draft-comment author="jthatche" time="2009-01-01">IUPUI walk-in hours updated for 2009
              per Nicole Lyon</draft-comment>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Support Center email support (<tt>ithelp@iu.edu</tt>)</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul>
              <li>Closed Thursday, December 24, and Friday, December 25</li>

              <li>Closed from 5pm Thursday, December 31, through Friday, January 1</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Support Center chat support (<tt>https://ithelplive.iu.edu/</tt>)</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul>
              <li>Closed Thursday, December 24, and Friday, December 25</li>
              <li>Closed from 5pm Thursday, December 31, through Friday, January 1</li>
            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>Technology Center Consulting (TCC) for campus housing</dt>
          <dd>Ball Residence Hall consulting hours end Friday, December 18, and resume Sunday,
            January 10. </dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>Residential Technology Centers (RTCs)</dt>
          <dd> Staffing for the IUPUI RTC will end Friday, December 18 at 10pm, and resume Sunday,
            January 10 at 3pm.</dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>Reception services in ICTC lobby</dt>
          <dd> Close at noon on Thursday, December 24, and reopen at 8am on Monday, January 4.
              <draft-comment author="erytting" time="2008-01-01"> updated for 2008/verified by Tammy
              Clifford</draft-comment>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>Student Technology Centers:</dt>
          <dd>
            <dl>

              <dlentry>
                <dt>IT131</dt>
                <dd>
                  <ul>
                    <li>Closes midnight Wednesday, December 23; opens 8am Saturday, December
                      26.</li>

                    <li>Closes midnight Wednesday, December 30; opens 8am Saturday, January 2.</li>
                  </ul></dd>
              </dlentry>

              <dlentry>
                <dt>BR163</dt>
                <dd>Closed Saturday, December 19.</dd>
              </dlentry>

              <dlentry>
                <dt>ES2116, 2119, 2121, and 2124</dt>
                <dd>Closed Tuesday, December 22.</dd>
              </dlentry>

              <dlentry>
                <dt>IH235</dt>
                <dd>Open reduced hours starting Monday, December 21: <dl>
                    <dlentry>
                      <dt>Monday, December 21-Wednesday, December 23</dt>
                      <dd>2pm-5pm</dd>
                    </dlentry>

                    <dlentry>
                      <dt>Monday, December 28-Wednesday, December 30</dt>
                      <dd>2pm-5pm</dd>
                    </dlentry>

                    <dlentry>
                      <dt>Saturday, January 2</dt>
                      <dd>2pm-5pm</dd>
                    </dlentry>

                    <dlentry>
                      <dt>Sunday, January 3</dt>
                      <dd>2pm-6pm</dd>
                    </dlentry>

                    <dlentry>
                      <dt>Monday, January 4-Thursday, January 7</dt>
                      <dd>2pm-7pm</dd>
                    </dlentry>

                    <dlentry>
                      <dt>Friday, January 8-Saturday, January 9</dt>
                      <dd>2pm-5pm</dd>
                    </dlentry>

                    <dlentry>
                      <dt>Sunday, January 10</dt>
                      <dd>1pm-9pm</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                  </dl>
                </dd>
              </dlentry>


              <dlentry>
                <dt>All other labs</dt>
                <dd>Unstaffed starting December 20; normal staffing will resume January 10. For
                  more, see <xref href="http://www.iupui.edu/~tcciupui/staffing/">Open Hours</xref>.
                    <draft-comment author="slourain" time="2009-01-01">IUPUI STC info verified for
                    2009 per Mark Russell</draft-comment>
                </dd>

              </dlentry>
            </dl>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>IT Training</dt>
          <dd>Closes at 5pm Friday, December 18; reopens Wednesday, December 30 <draft-comment
              author="slourain" time="2009-10-01"> Update for 2009 per Chris Payne</draft-comment>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>Classroom Technology Services</dt>
          <dd>Closed December 24 through January 3 <draft-comment author="jthatche"
              time="2009-01-01">Updated for 2009 per CTSIN</draft-comment></dd>
        </dlentry>

        <dlentry>
          <dt>LSP Services</dt>
          <dd>Closed Thursday, December 24, Friday, December 25, Thursday, December 31, and Friday,
            January 1, with reduced staffing throughout both weeks <draft-comment author="jthatche"
              time="2009-01-01">updated for 2009 per Chris England</draft-comment>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
