<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="apjr-dmm2">
  <title>DITA guide for KB editors</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>jorahood</author>
    <critdates>
      <created date="2010-3-25"/>
      <revised modified="2010-03-29"/>
      <revised modified="2333-23-32"/>
    </critdates>
    <metadata>
      <category>specification</category>
      <category>dita</category>
      <keywords>
        <keyword base="9">dita guide</keyword>
        <keyword base="3">kbml</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
    <data name="docid" value="apjr"/>
    <data name="approveddate" value="2010-03-29"/>
    <data name="owner" value="sckb"/>
    <data name="importance" value="standard"/>
    <data name="visibility" value="visible"/>
    <data name="volatility" value="stable"/>
    <data name="status" value="approved"/>
    <data name="domain" value="kbstaff"/>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>On this page:</p>
    <section>
      <title>Required topic tags</title>
      <p> These DITA tags are required in a KMS topic: </p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;topic&gt;</dt>
          <dd>The top level element for DITA topic documents. The &lt;topic&gt; tag has a required
              <codeph>id</codeph> attribute. See <xref scope="external"
              href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/langspec/langref/topic.html"/></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;title&gt;</dt>
          <dd>The title of a document must appear as the first element. See <xref
              scope="external"
              href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/langspec/langref/title.html"/> You can
            create alternate titles for a document by adding them to the <xref
              href="alt-qlines.dita">alt qlines</xref> document. For instructions on working with
            alternate q-lines, see <xref href="adding-alt-qlines.dita"/>. You can also use titles on
            sections of topics to create subheadings.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;prolog&gt;</dt>
          <dd>The container for elements that contain information about the topic; i.e., metadata.
            See <xref scope="external"
              href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/langspec/langref/prolog.html"/> Some of
            the elements in the prolog will be controlled by the KMS system. For example, the
            &lt;created&gt; element within the &lt;critdates&gt; element will contain the date that
            the topic was introduced into the system. If an editor changes that date while editing
            the topic, the system will revert to the previous value. However, elements such as
            &lt;data&gt; will retain the values entered by the editor. <dl>
              <dlentry>
                <dt>&lt;author&gt;</dt>
                <dd>The name of the person who originally provided the content of the topic.</dd>
              </dlentry>
              <dlentry>
                <dt>&lt;critdates&gt;</dt>
                <dd>A container element for elements containing date information about the topic.
                  See <xref scope="external"
                    href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/langspec/langref/critdates.html"/>
                  <dl>
                    <dlentry>
                      <dt>&lt;created&gt;</dt>
                      <dd>Required to be the first element inside &lt;critdates&gt;. It can have
                        three attributes that contain date information: <dl>
                          <dlentry>
                            <dt>date</dt>
                            <dd>the date of introduction of a topic into the system</dd>
                          </dlentry>
                          <dlentry>
                            <dt>golive</dt>
                            <dd>the date on which the topic was first made visible to end users</dd>
                          </dlentry>
                          <dlentry>
                            <dt>expiry</dt>
                            <dd>the date on which the topic should be reviewed. The &lt;revised&gt;
                              element can also have an expiry attribute, and unlike the golive
                              attribute which is also shared, I can't think of what an expiry on the
                              &lt;created&gt; element would mean as opposed to an expiry on the
                              &lt;revised&gt; element. </dd>
                          </dlentry>
                        </dl>
                        <p>See <xref scope="external"
                            href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/langspec/langref/created.html"
                          /></p>
                      </dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    <dlentry>
                      <dt>&lt;revised&gt;</dt>
                      <dd>Records lifecycle dates for the topic. It can have three kinds of date
                        attributes: <dl>
                          <dlentry>
                            <dt>modified</dt>
                            <dd>A required attribute; the date on which the topic was last
                              changed</dd>
                          </dlentry>
                          <dlentry>
                            <dt>golive</dt>
                            <dd>the date on which the revision was made visible to end users</dd>
                          </dlentry>
                          <dlentry>
                            <dt>expiry</dt>
                            <dd>the date on which the revision should be checked for accuracy</dd>
                          </dlentry>
                        </dl>
                        <p>See <xref scope="external"
                            href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/langspec/langref/revised.html"
                          /></p></dd>
                    </dlentry>
                  </dl>
                </dd>
              </dlentry>
              <dlentry>
                <dt>&lt;metadata&gt;</dt>
                <dd>According to <xref scope="external"
                    href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/langspec/langref/metadata.html"/>,
                  elements inside the &lt;metadata&gt; element relate to the content of the topic;
                  e.g., xtras, while elements in &lt;prolog&gt; but outside &lt;metadata&gt; pertain
                  to the topic as a "content unit (such as the author or copyright), which are
                  unrelated to the subject" of the topic. <note>One allowed element in the
                    &lt;metadata&gt; element is &lt;audience&gt;, but we are not going to use it
                    here, as the KMS will control audience for whole topics by defining a key for
                    the topic in the dita maps for the domains it belongs in.</note>
                <dl>
                    <dlentry>
                      <dt>&lt;category&gt;</dt>
                      <dd>Any category that applies to the topic as a whole. You can apply multiple
                        categories by adding additional &lt;category&gt; elements.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    <dlentry>
                      <dt>&lt;keywords&gt;</dt>
                      <dd>Container element for keywords
                      <dl>
                        <dlentry>
                            <dt>&lt;keyword&gt;</dt>
                            <dd>Terms that should return this topic when entered in searches; xtras,
                              in KB parlance. You can put a numeric weighting in a
                                <codeph>base</codeph> attribute. </dd>
                        </dlentry>
                      </dl>
                      </dd>
                    </dlentry>
                  </dl>
                </dd>
              </dlentry>
            </dl>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;body&gt;</dt>
          <dd>The viewable contents of the DITA document. See <xref scope="external"
              href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/langspec/langref/body.html"/> The
            &lt;body&gt; element is only required insofar as it is a required container of any text
            nodes. The alt qline documents don't have any text other than the titles so they don't
            need &lt;body&gt; tags.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Semantic DITA tags</title>
    <p>DITA provides a rich set of semantic tags that provides a superset of the
      semantics that we had with KBML. We'll be able to express nuances of meaning that we couldnt
      before. I describe them in terms of what KBML elements they replace.</p>
      <table>
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>DITA</entry>
              <entry>KBML</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>     
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>&lt;codeblock&gt;</entry>
              <entry>&lt;example&gt;</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>&lt;note&gt;</entry>
            <entry>&lt;strong&gt;Note:&lt;/strong&gt;</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>&lt;section&gt;</entry>
              <entry>&lt;h3&gt;</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>&lt;systemoutput&gt;</entry>
              <entry>&lt;code&gt;, for text output by the computer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>&lt;userinput&gt;</entry>
              <entry>&lt;code&gt;, for text input by the user</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>&lt;table&gt;</entry>
              <entry>&lt;kbtable&gt;. See <xref keyref="aeru"></xref></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>&lt;uicontrol&gt;</entry>
              <entry>&lt;mi&gt;</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Special purpose DITA tags</title>
      <p>These elements serve special purposes in DITA beyond providing semantic tagging of content.</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;xref&gt;</dt>
          <dd><p>DITA's general purpose element for creating cross-referencing links. See <xref
                scope="external"
                href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/langspec/langref/xref.html"/>. The
              DITA standard recommends using higher-level linking structures built into ditamaps
              over hardcoding links at the topic level with &lt;xref&gt; elements. For the KB, the
              &lt;xref&gt; element will take the place of the &lt;kba&gt; KBML element, as well as
              the regular HTML &lt;a&gt; element. We will not use &lt;xref&gt;s to stand in for
              &lt;kbh&gt; elements, instead we will maintain these links in the reltable of the base
              ditamap. See the &lt;reltable&gt; section below for more information.</p>
            <p>The &lt;xref&gt; element transcludes the text of the title of the link target
              similarly to the way the &lt;kba&gt; tag does. The &lt;xref&gt; element works
              differently in how to override the default title text: the &lt;xref&gt; element has no
              way of selecting an alternate qline as you can do with the <codeph>qline</codeph>
              attribute of the &lt;xref&gt; element. Instead, you can specify alternate text for the
              link by enclosing it within the &lt;xref&gt; element, as you would do with an HTML
              &lt;a&gt; element.</p>
          <p>When creating &lt;kba&gt; style cross-referencing links to other KMS topics you should
            use the "keyref" attribute, which will allow us to use DITA keys to control access to
            documents. The href attribute can be used to create a fallback link in the case where
            the document is not available.</p></dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>The audience attribute</title>
    <p>The audience attribute serves the same purpose as the "who" attribute in KBML: filtering out
      the content within the tag having the "audience" attribute. The "audience" attribute can be
      placed in almost all DITA elements.</p></section>
    <section>
      <title>Ditamap elements</title>
     <dl>
       <dlentry>
         <dt>&lt;topicref&gt;</dt>
          <dd>We use topicrefs in ditamaps to represent relationships among topics, and to organize
            topics into domains. We put these topicrefs in two different ditamap structures to
            accomplish these two goals, and to make the system more modular we put these structures
            into separate maps and link the maps together: <dl>
              <dlentry>
                <dt>in the reltable in <filepath>base.ditamap</filepath></dt>
                <dd>The base ditamap contains the relationships among all topics in a kb as a whole.
                  The reltable is structured with one row element, called relrow, per topic. Each
                  relrow has three cell elements, called relcells. In the three relcells are one or
                  more topicrefs. All the topicrefs should use keyref attributes containing the
                  docid of the topic to allow DITA to resolve what topics are accessible. The
                  three relcells contain, from left to right: 
                  <ol>
                    <li>a topicref element for the source topic from which we're creating links</li>
                    <li>one topicref for each KB Ref of the source topic</li>
                    <li>one topicref for each hotitem of the source topic</li>
                  </ol>
                </dd>
              </dlentry>
              <dlentry>
                <dt>in the ditamap file for the domain in which the topic belongs</dt>
                <dd>Each kb domain is represented by a ditmap that contains &lt;topicref&gt;
                  elements for all the topics in that domain. Each topicref defines the dita key by
                  which the topic will be referred to anywhere it is linked to. To render a certain
                  domain you need to transform its corresponding ditamap with the DITA OT. The DOT
                  will resolve the keys defined in the ditamap and maps linked to by that ditamap.
                  By linking domains together with &lt;mapref&gt; elements in a tree structure we
                  represent the KB domain hierarchy. For example, to add document anar to the all
                  domain, you would add this line to <filepath>domain-all.ditamap</filepath>:
                  <userinput>&lt;topicref keys="anaz"
                  href="anaz.dita#anaz-dmm2"/&gt;</userinput></dd>
              </dlentry>
            </dl>
          </dd>
       </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>