<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="axvp-dmm2">
  <title id="default">Why do I need to reset my IU Guest account password?</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>madalton</author>
    <critdates>
      <created date="2008-09-12"/>
      <revised modified="2009-05-05"/>
    </critdates>

    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>guest</keyword>
        <keyword>quikpay</keyword>
        <keyword>quik</keyword>
        <keyword>quick</keyword>
        <keyword>pay</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
    <data name="docid" value="axvp"/>
    <data name="approveddate" value="2009-05-05"/>
    <data name="owner" value="ims"/>
    <data name="importance" value="standard"/>
    <data name="visibility" value="visible"/>
    <data name="volatility" value="stable"/>
    <data name="status" value="approved"/>
    <data name="domain" value="all"/>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>If you use a Guest account to log into IU services (e.g., parents who use OneStart to pay
      bursar bills, non-IU students accessing Oncourse CL sites for audited classes), you may
      receive a message requesting that you reset your Guest account password. <b>This is a
        legitimate request from UITS; it is not a phishing attempt.</b> This step is necessary
      because of improvements made to the internal management of Guest accounts.</p>

    <p>You will need to reset your password before you can authenticate to CAS. If you know your old
      Guest password, you can reset your password at:</p>

    <example><xref href="https://ams.iu.edu/guests/ChangeGuestPassword.aspx" format="html"/></example>

    <p>Alternatively, or if you do not know your password, you can use the &quot;Forgot My
      Password&quot; tool, which will send a one-time PIN to the email address associated with your
      Guest account. This tool is at:</p>

    <example><xref href="https://ams.iu.edu/guests/ForgotGuestPassword.aspx" format="html"/></example>

    <p>If you have problems changing or resetting your password, contact your campus <xref
        keyref="abxl">Support Center</xref>.</p>

    <p><note audience="sc">SC can look up Guest information in AMS Admin. From there, you will
        be able to send or resend the Guest activation PIN.</note></p>
  </body>
</topic>