<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="topicid">
  <title>How do I link a new document into the KMS?</title>
  <shortdesc>Creating topicref links for a new document in the KMS</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>After creating a new document in the KMS, you need to create a topicref to it in the
      domain ditamap it belongs in, and you also need to create all the inter-kb links in the base
      ditamap.</prereq>
    <steps>
      <stepsection>You first need to create a <codeph>topicref</codeph> to define a
        <apiname>key</apiname> for the document. This key controls what domains the document will
        be accessible from.  
      </stepsection>
      <step>
        <cmd>In the KMS Oxygen project, open the ditamap corresponding to the domain that the
          document belongs in.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>E.g., <filepath>domain-all.ditamap</filepath></stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Inside the <codeph>map</codeph>, insert a <codeph>topicref</codeph> element with <codeph>keys</codeph> and
          <codeph>href</codeph> attributes, where the <codeph>keys</codeph> attribute equals the
          docid and the <codeph>href</codeph> attribute equals the filename of the referenced topic. 
        </cmd><stepxmp> E.g., for document ddud, <codeph>&lt;topicref keys="ddud" href="ddud.dita"&gt;</codeph> 
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Save the ditamap file.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Open the <filepath>base.ditamap</filepath> file.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Inside the <codeph>reltable</codeph>, insert a <codeph>relrow</codeph>. Inside the
            <codeph>relrow</codeph>, insert three <codeph>relcell</codeph> elements:</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <note>The first <codeph>relcell</codeph> contains the "origin document"; i.e., the
              document from which the links originate. </note>
            <cmd>Insert a <codeph>topicref</codeph> with a <codeph>keyref</codeph> attribute equal
              to the <codeph>keys</codeph> attribute of the <codeph>topicref</codeph> you created in
              the domain ditamap in Step 2 above.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <note>The second <codeph>relcell</codeph> contains links to Refs.</note>
            <cmd>Insert a <codeph>topicref</codeph> for each Ref of the origin document. In each
                <codeph>topicref</codeph>, insert a <codeph>keyref</codeph> attribute equal to the
                <codeph>keys</codeph> attribute of the <codeph>topicref</codeph> element for each
              Ref. If the origin document has no Refs, insert an empty <codeph>topicref</codeph>
              element as a placeholder.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <note>The third <codeph>relcell</codeph> contains links to Hotitems.</note>
            <cmd>Insert a <codeph>topicref</codeph> for each referenced Hotitem in the origin
              document. In each <codeph>topicref</codeph>, insert a <codeph>keyref</codeph>
              attribute equal to the <codeph>keys</codeph> attribute of the
              <codeph>topicref</codeph> element for each Hotitem. If the origin document has no
              Hotitems, insert an empty <codeph>topicref</codeph>
              element as a placeholder.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        <stepxmp> E.g., for document aaaa, which has refs bbbb and cccc and no hotitems:
          <codeblock>
&lt;relrow&gt;
  &lt;relcell&gt;
    &lt;topicref keyref="aaaa"/&gt;
  &lt;/relcell&gt;
    &lt;relcell&gt;
      &lt;topicref keyref="bbbb"/&gt;
      &lt;topicref keyref="cccc"/&gt;
    &lt;/relcell&gt;
    &lt;relcell/&gt;
&lt;/relrow&gt;
            </codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Save the <filepath>base.ditamap</filepath> file.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Run the DITA Open Toolkit on the domain map you added the topic to by following the
          link that executes it; e.g., </cmd><stepxmp>http://cowhorn.uits.indiana.edu:8080/sage-stg/dita.cat</stepxmp>
      </step>
      
    </steps>
    <result>The document will appear on the index page generated from the domain ditamap; e.g.,
        http://cowhorn.uits.indiana.edu:8080/sage-stg/static/domain-all/client-all-title-default/index.html, with a "Related information" section containing the links to Refs and Hotitems.</result>
  </taskbody>
</task>
