<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:org.kuali.kits.kms:doctypes:dita:task"
"http://www.indiana.edu/~worklist/dita-prototypes/org.kuali.kits.kms/doctypes/task/dtd/kbtask.dtd">
<task id="kbdoc">
  <title>How do I link a new document into the shared DITA repository on Webserve?</title>
  <shortdesc>Creating topicref links for a new document in the shared DITA repository</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author></author>
    <critdates>
      <created date=""/>
      <revised modified=""/>
    </critdates>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword></keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>You must have created a new document in the <filepath>dmm3</filepath> subfolder.</prereq>
    <steps>
      <stepsection>You first need to create a <term>topicref</term> to define a
        <term>key</term> for the document. This key controls what domains the document will
        be accessible from.  
      </stepsection>
      <step>
        <cmd>In the Oxygen project, in the <filepath>dmm3</filepath> subfolder, open the ditamap corresponding to the domain that the
          document belongs in.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>E.g., <filepath>domain-all.ditamap</filepath></stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Inside the <term>map</term>, insert a <term>topicref</term> element with <term>keys</term> and
          <term>href</term> attributes, making the <term>keys</term> attribute equal to the
          docid and the <term>href</term> attribute equal to the filename of the referenced topic. 
        </cmd><stepxmp> E.g., for document ddud, <term>&lt;topicref keys="ddud" href="ddud.dita"&gt;</term> 
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Save the ditamap file.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Open the <filepath>base.ditamap</filepath> file.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Inside the <term>reltable</term>, insert a <term>relrow</term>. Inside the
          <term>relrow</term>, insert three <term>relcell</term> elements:</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <note>The first <term>relcell</term> contains the "source document"; i.e., the document
              from which the links originate. </note>
            <cmd>Insert a <term>topicref</term> with a <term>keyref</term> attribute equal
              to the <term>keys</term> attribute of the <term>topicref</term> you created in
              the domain ditamap in Step 2 above.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <note>The second <term>relcell</term> contains links to Refs.</note>
            <cmd>Insert a <term>topicref</term> for each Ref of the origin document. In each
              <term>topicref</term>, insert a <term>keyref</term> attribute equal to the
              <term>keys</term> attribute of the <term>topicref</term> element for each
              Ref. If the origin document has no Refs, insert an empty <term>topicref</term>
              element as a placeholder.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <note>The third <term>relcell</term> contains links to Hotitems.</note>
            <cmd>Insert a <term>topicref</term> for each referenced Hotitem in the origin
              document. In each <term>topicref</term>, insert a <term>keyref</term>
              attribute equal to the <term>keys</term> attribute of the
              <term>topicref</term> element for each Hotitem. If the origin document has no
              Hotitems, insert an empty <term>topicref</term>
              element as a placeholder.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        <stepxmp> E.g., for document aaaa, which has refs bbbb and cccc and no hotitems:
          <lines>
&lt;relrow&gt;
  &lt;relcell&gt;
    &lt;topicref keyref="aaaa"/&gt;
  &lt;/relcell&gt;
    &lt;relcell&gt;
      &lt;topicref keyref="bbbb"/&gt;
      &lt;topicref keyref="cccc"/&gt;
    &lt;/relcell&gt;
    &lt;relcell/&gt;
&lt;/relrow&gt;
            </lines>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Save the <filepath>base.ditamap</filepath> file.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>The new document is linked in.</result>
  </taskbody>
</task>
