<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "{$publicid}" "{$systemid}">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="doc_1"><title>Training and support</title><titlealts><searchtitle>Oncourse Help</searchtitle></titlealts><taskbody><context><p><!--Removed anchor point top--><xref href="" format="html"/></p><p><b>Oncourse CL, IU's online collaboration and learning
environment, powered by the <xref href="http://sakaiproject.org/" scope="external" format="html">Sakai community</xref></b>, supports teaching and
learning, committees, projects, research, and portfolios for Indiana
University's community of students, faculty, and staff.</p><p><b>You can get help using Oncourse CL in many ways.</b>
In addition to the many resources you see listed below, after clicking
the Help tool in Oncourse CL, you'll see two frames on the left of the
window:</p><ul>
<li>
<b>Help search tool:</b> In the upper left frame, type
Oncourse CL search terms (e.g., <codeph>reordering site tabs</codeph>),
and then click <b><codeph>Search</codeph></b>.

</li>
<li>
<b>Expandable index:</b> In the lower left frame, click
the plus sign (<b><codeph>+</codeph></b>) to see topics. Then click to choose a
topic or tool.
</li>
</ul><p>You can also get <b>help with your current tool</b> by
clicking the question mark (<codeph>?</codeph>) in the upper right corner
of the tool window.</p><ul>
<li>Getting started:

<ul>
<li>
<b>Logging into Oncourse CL:</b> If you are not already
logged in when you are finished with the Help tool, close its window
and, in the upper right corner of the Oncourse CL portal, click
<b><codeph>Login</codeph></b>. When prompted, type your IU username and
passphrase. Once you're logged in, you'll see your courses in tabs
across the top, and a list of tools on the left. (If you do not see
your course, you may need to click <b><codeph>more</codeph></b> on the far right of
your tabs.)
</li>
<li>
<xref href="/helptool/docs/auoi" format="html">Oncourse CL changes and enhancements for 2007-2008</xref> -
A summary of development throughout the 2007-2008 academic year

</li>
<li>
<xref href="/helptool/docs/aszu" format="html">Oncourse Transition Guide</xref> - See which tools in
<xref href="/helptool/doc/apqd" format="html">Oncourse CL</xref> best match the way you used original Oncourse.
 </li>
<li>
<xref href="http://www.indiana.edu/~ittrain/oncourse/workshops_materials/ONBCO.pdf" scope="external" format="pdf">Oncourse CL Quick Start Guide: For Faculty</xref> - This
guide (in PDF format) is designed to help faculty and other
instructors prepare to use Oncourse CL to support their courses.
</li>
<li>
<xref href="http://www.indiana.edu/~ittrain/oncourse/workshops_materials/ONSTU.pdf" scope="external" format="pdf">Oncourse CL Quick Start Guide: For Students</xref> - This
guide (in PDF format) is designed to help students learn how to use
Oncourse CL for their course work.
 </li>

</ul>
<!--A BR tag was used here in the original source.-->
</li>
<li>
<xref href="/helptool/docs/avpk" format="html">Tips to make Oncourse CL work for you</xref> - Tips for
teaching, learning, and collaborating with Oncourse CL

</li>
<li>Self study materials:

<ul>
<li>
<xref href="/helptool/docs/arbl" format="html">Feature demonstrations</xref> - 2-4 minute video tutorials
of Oncourse CL features
</li>
<li>

<xref href="/helptool/docs/aube" format="html">The least you need to know (for instructors)</xref> -
Simple, basic step-by-step instructions
 </li>
<li>
<xref href="/helptool/docs/aubm" format="html">In-depth self-study materials for instructors</xref> -
Focusing on common teaching tasks and tools, there are eight of these
printable 40- to 80-page materials that provide step-by-step
instructions.
</li>
</ul>

</li>
<li>
<xref href="/helptool/docs/aubl" format="html">Workshops</xref> - Most workshops are 60-90 minutes long,
are led by an Oncourse CL expert, and provide hands-on experience on
pedagogical tools. They are free to all IU faculty, students, and
staff.



 </li>
<li>
<xref href="/helptool/docs/aitz" format="html">Campus teaching and learning centers</xref> - The campus
centers are ready to support instructors as they integrate Oncourse CL
into their teaching.
 

</li>
<li>
<xref href="https://oncourse.iu.edu/portal/site/!gateway/page/c4baddeb-28cd-40e2-001b-7287bbcee8c1" scope="external" format="html">Request a site</xref> - IU instructors and staff may request
practice course sites or project sites.


</li>
<li>Get application help 24/7 by email, phone, or walk-in from <xref href="/helptool/docs/auyj" format="html">your campus support center</xref>.


</li>
</ul><!-- ===================== horizontal rule ===================== --><p>This is document </p><i>atjv</i><p>, updated on </p><i>January 24, 2008</i><p>.</p><required-cleanup remap="form"><ph>
</ph></required-cleanup></context></taskbody><related-links><linklist><title>Collected links</title><link href="" format="html"><linktext/></link><link href="http://sakaiproject.org/" scope="external" format="html"><linktext>Sakai community</linktext></link><link href="/helptool/docs/auoi" format="html"><linktext>Oncourse CL changes and enhancements for 2007-2008</linktext></link><link href="/helptool/docs/aszu" format="html"><linktext>Oncourse Transition Guide</linktext></link><link href="/helptool/doc/apqd" format="html"><linktext>Oncourse CL</linktext></link><link href="http://www.indiana.edu/~ittrain/oncourse/workshops_materials/ONBCO.pdf" scope="external" format="pdf"><linktext>Oncourse CL Quick Start Guide: For Faculty</linktext></link><link href="http://www.indiana.edu/~ittrain/oncourse/workshops_materials/ONSTU.pdf" scope="external" format="pdf"><linktext>Oncourse CL Quick Start Guide: For Students</linktext></link><link href="/helptool/docs/avpk" format="html"><linktext>Tips to make Oncourse CL work for you</linktext></link><link href="/helptool/docs/arbl" format="html"><linktext>Feature demonstrations</linktext></link><link href="/helptool/docs/aube" format="html"><linktext>The least you need to know (for instructors)</linktext></link><link href="/helptool/docs/aubm" format="html"><linktext>In-depth self-study materials for instructors</linktext></link><link href="/helptool/docs/aubl" format="html"><linktext>Workshops</linktext></link><link href="/helptool/docs/aitz" format="html"><linktext>Campus teaching and learning centers</linktext></link><link href="https://oncourse.iu.edu/portal/site/!gateway/page/c4baddeb-28cd-40e2-001b-7287bbcee8c1" scope="external" format="html"><linktext>Request a site</linktext></link><link href="/helptool/docs/auyj" format="html"><linktext>your campus support center</linktext></link></linklist></related-links></task>